hello everyone and welcome to food
review UK we've ordered carefully and
it's occurred to me that I've never
actually reviewed their gravy my name is
michael jameson by the way yes I cooked
me that we've never reviewed their gravy
and whilst it's not probably the most
interesting of products my lot of people
always it becomes a bit of a discussion
point for them right
why are you getting the gravy or what is
Cathy gravy well as you can see it's
quite gelatinous and quite thick not
sure how much the side is on its own
we've got it as part of a meal so here
we go this is a review of the Keirsey
gravy I've got on a chip or a fry I'm
just gonna cut to the chase it's
impressive words left from class I'm not
sure I'd say six stars but let's go
what's going with some chicken hmm
personally absolute you love the texture
is very thick very thick gravy but it's
very nice it is extremely flavoursome
I'm newest know how much adds to the
chicken itself other than a nice bit of
light almost flavour enhancer and
texture is obviously makes it wetter and
because of it you doing it with a
chicken it picks up a lot more gravy
which is good that is literally one of
the most stupid questions I've ever ever
ever been asked of me yeah terrific
question it is chicken gravy it's a very
strong chicken gravy it's got really
nice intense chicken flavor it's a
little bit salty but it's not too salty
it's not bad at all very savory no
actually I think you're saying it's
salty because you're eating it with the
chicken which is really salty no it's
not no no I said it's not that sorry I
said it is salty but not too salty in a
savory like it is nicely seasoned is why
I'm saying it's got a very tiny bit of
spice to it not
like a hotness or anything just like
yeah like a black pepper kit well yeah
with the chips it's just incredible and
it makes your your chip experience
identifiably KFC it adds a chicken
element to a non chicken portion of your
meal and yeah I do love it I definitely
give it five stars not quite six for me
but it's still incredible and whenever
we get like a box meal no box meal sorry
a feast or a bucket yes
standard side to standard side so people
who don't get it please give it a try
because it is the condiment that you
need with your cat see thank you very
much for watching everyone and subscribe
for more videos